{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1\ql{{\fs36 Reference list}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Google Developers. (n.d.). {\i Hand landmarks detection guide | MediaPipe}. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developers.google.com/mediapipe/solutions/vision/hand_landmarker"}}{\fldrslt https://developers.google.com/mediapipe/solutions/vision/hand_landmarker}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Heye, K., Li, R., Bai, Q., St George, R.J., Rudd, K., Huang, G., Meinders, M.J., Bloem, B.R. and Alty, J.E. (2024). Validation of computer vision technology for analyzing bradykinesia in outpatient clinic videos of people with Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s disease. {\i Journal of the Neurological Sciences}, [online] 466, p.123271. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jns.2024.123271"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jns.2024.123271}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Jocher, G. (2020). {\i YOLOv8 Documentation}. [online] docs.ultralytics.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.ultralytics.com/"}}{\fldrslt https://docs.ultralytics.com/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Khan, T., Nyholm, D., Westin, J. and Dougherty, M. (2014). A computer vision framework for finger-tapping evaluation in Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s disease. {\i Artificial Intelligence in Medicine}, 60(1), pp.27\uc0\u8211 40. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.artmed.2013.11.004"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.artmed.2013.11.004}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Labelstud.io. (2025). {\i Label Studio Documentation \uc0\u8212  Quick start guide for Label Studio}. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://labelstud.io/guide/quick_start"}}{\fldrslt https://labelstud.io/guide/quick_start}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Opencv (n.d.). {\i OpenCV: OpenCV modules}. [online] docs.opencv.org. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/"}}{\fldrslt https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Parkinson's UK (2019). {\i What is Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s?} [online] Parkinsons.org.uk. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.parkinsons.org.uk/information-and-support/what-parkinsons"}}{\fldrslt https://www.parkinsons.org.uk/information-and-support/what-parkinsons}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Williams, S., Relton, S.D., Fang, H., Alty, J., Qahwaji, R., Graham, C.D. and Wong, D.C. (2020). Supervised classification of bradykinesia in Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s disease from smartphone videos. {\i Artificial Intelligence in Medicine}, 110, p.101966. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.artmed.2020.101966"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.artmed.2020.101966}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 World Health Organization (2023). {\i Parkinson disease}. [online] World Health Organization. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/parkinson-disease"}}{\fldrslt https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/parkinson-disease}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Yang, J., Williams, S., Hogg, D.C., Alty, J.E. and Relton, S.D. (2024). Deep learning of Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s movement from video, without human-defined measures. {\i Journal of the Neurological Sciences}, [online] 463, p.123089. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jns.2024.123089"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jns.2024.123089}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Zarrat Ehsan, T., Tangermann, M., G\uc0\u252 \uc0\u231 l\uc0\u252 t\uc0\u252 rk, Y., Shin, S., Ho, K.C., Bloem, B.R. and Evers, L.J.W. (2026). Interpretable and granular video-based quantification of motor characteristics from the finger-tapping test in Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s disease. {\i npj Parkinson\uc0\u8217 s Disease}. [online] doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41531-026-01307-w"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1038/s41531-026-01307-w}}.\par}}
}
